I cannot believe how fucking dirty
Mikoto and kill asaki play these guys I
really made these fucking guys have no
fucking sense of honor fair play
friendly clean games these guys are
absolute Prix absolute prick so we got
the entire like fun we finished up the
whole flashback in tow episodes of you
know how sirens died and pretty much
like you say I like it you see it's
dicey like how like I think was like
episode 1 tattoos dad when croco and
cracked me had to scream off onto the
rooftops say that the goals is done here
um that was really cool to see I see how
they originated and hyuga finally made
his decision he said yo bucket I'm doing
it as well and he makes decision which
in turn makes rico as well good Jojo and
saying all right but you're gonna have
fucking death training from me and
pretty much come up with the siren team
that we've had up the the run-and-gun
staff for a long time and it was pretty
much Pepe that really started although I
say he he isn't the captain is huger I
say he's I could call a the shadow
captain or something he's the one that
saw it started or I still feel teppei
with hasn't got like a leader quality
but he can lead people if it comes to
that and you just see like Sarah and
trade and hard I love it when might you
see like the UM the opening going on
whether like go for the polymer areas
like making all their matches and then
what actually they're not anything
especially not really anything special
but they still get the phone job then I
really did like it up her and they means
well you see Hugo and tempeh working
together they were beasts they were
absolute beast but as well once you get
see I got the halfway point in this
episode when you see like say we just
come round it to you like some sort of
gym or something they see take off and
they see all those big beasts there they
see a cashew they see you freaking out
we know Yuki say they see all of them
there and then I like at the end just
before the crime half one half way point
you see kuroko's or just disappear into
the background that was and then
the bit to the episode which really
fucking got to me was when they went to
go against killas sake and it's tough
but few good today we're just destroying
him and I was really surprised because
teppei said he wanted to try a new move
in this episode I was like oh she is you
gonna do like some awesome short iron
house or a shit technique but I really
would see what he was gonna do like they
switch in and I bring in motherfucking
koto and this guy is a fucking scumbag I
hate this guy already like he is such a
dirty fucking slime ball and so is the
killer sake team like they are such a
bunch of fucking assholes um on purpose
and he knew about today's injury like it
soars henna died on that he's been
having this injury for a while when he
went to go in do the dog and he just
missed it is barely missed he went to
grab and snow me again he got it in and
they doing like the rebound one of his
place was behind him he clicks the
fingers like that and the garlic seems
like he did like a negro what is
fricking bad leg and he and everybody
was just there like screaming in agony
and he's just there like smiling said oh
I'm glad you didn't get an injury like
glasses cool i go to hyuga I'd surprise
Hugo I probably didn't try to hold off
you could you look like you were too
fucking beat the dogs yeah like just
straight there and there and I really
like that teppei was you saying to every
knows I'm all right it's gonna be like
it's just a sprain but um Rico and Hugo
new and apparently it's gonna take him a
full year to actually recover thought
like I think it was like to get real
bear for that year counting pay for that
year but with surgery and Rehab he won't
even slightly ill to like into a
graduate high school so pretty much he
has the one year left to play and then
no more he can't do no more you're like
that's it until that shit heald's pretty
much and this is the tap a is a glass
cannon he is a clock he is a huge glass
cannon at this point you he will he was
just herbes up like he's a glass cottage
with a double-edged swords combined if
he uses health he's gonna fuck
break he's going to easily freaking
break if he pushes himself and we've
seen and their next match is against
kirisaki and i don't think they should
risk teppei out there they really
shouldn't risk it if the same thing is
going to happen last year I know tempo
is going to go and look at the boss it's
like probably one of the best fucking
characters they're like on the sarin
team alongside you know frickin um croco
kagamine all them I it's like if you go
out there they are gonna make sure you
probably won't walk again and that's the
scariest ride like I don't want sleep
Rickett chepe fucked up I liked every
tip is a beast when huger the best bit
except so it's like when Hugo gave that
manly speech saying fine we work we
won't become like the best in Japan will
just become the best in Japan next year
for you like that but and then the manly
to the right then it was showed at the
end they were crushed by the free Kings
once they later the finals they were
absolutely slow fuck here's a key fuck
MCOCA makoto the bow fucking scumbags um
overall this absolutely got it got
emotions would be like with that part of
it definitely give this one an 8.5
really really did like most of this
flashback I made because it was well the
tap a it's like so I wish they wouldn't
like put a bit more with the other
characters I fell like it's not like
that's the thing with that I've always
said weaker I thing like the other
members are sailing not like the other
members of like the other teams I think
the Sailor members need to be a bit more
developed League have more out there for
them to be you know more special and
more you know what I should we treasons
we should care for them but let me know
what you think in the competition blow
but that's all for me it was thinking
there must watching mother to try
Evander so now and fuck your sake look
at